doc: CRP-2860 add a list of examples to the root README.md and add links to Motoko backend (#163)
dfinity/vetkeys: README.md

## Key Features

> ### **1. vetKeys Backend Library** ([Motoko](https://mops.one/ic-vetkeys), [Rust](https://docs.rs/ic-vetkeys)) - Supports canister developers

Author: ```suggestion
### **1. vetKeys Backend Library** ([Motoko](https://mops.one/ic-vetkeys), [Rust](https://crates.io/crates/ic-vetkeys)) - Supports canister developers
```

- **[EncryptedMaps](https://dfinity.github.io/vetkeys/classes/_dfinity_vetkeys_encrypted_maps.EncryptedMaps.html)** – Facilitates interaction with a EncryptedMaps-enabled canister.
- **[Utils](https://dfinity.github.io/vetkeys/modules/_dfinity_vetkeys.html)** – Utility functions for working with vetKeys.

> ### **3. vetKeys Example Applications** - Deployable to the IC with just one click

Reviewer: You could reformulate to "[...] with the click of a button". I believe this is a commonly used phrase, and this statement is then actually true, because we mean the "Run Canisters" button at the ICP Ninja website.

> ### **3. vetKeys Example Applications** - Deployable to the IC with just one click

Author: ```suggestion
### **3. vetKeys Example Applications** - Deployable to the IC with a click of a button
```

> ### **3. vetKeys Example Applications** - Deployable to the IC with a click of a button

Author: ```suggestion
### **3. vetKeys Example Applications** - Deployable to the IC with the click of a button
```
